h1. jonpearse.net

This is the source code behind my website at "jonpearse.net":http://jonpearse.net. 

I decided to publish it after seeing "Julie Ann Horvath":http://julieannhorvath.com/ speak at "HybridConf 2013":http://www,hybridconf.net/ because I started out in this game by hacking at other people’s code, so I thought it fair to let others do the same to me.

Have a look, pull it apart: be inspired or point and laugh. Feel free to take anything you want and reuse it elsewhere. If you think I’m doing something Wrong, or you have any suggestions, "ping me a line":mailto:hello@jonpearse.net.

h2. Sales Pitch (sorry)

I’m a freelance developer based out of Cardiff in the UK. I’m usually fairly busy at any given time, but I’m always on the lookout for exciting new people to work with.
If you like what you’ve seen here and want to talk to me about how I might be able to help you out, please "get in touch":mailto:hello@jonpearse.net: I’d love to hear from you!

h2. Updates

h3. August 31st, 2014

Fixing mobile CSS a little

h3. August 30th, 2014

* adding post-render hook on Article model to deal with RedCloth breaking blocks of code on empty lines (see "ticket #222":http://jgarber.lighthouseapp.com/projects/13054-redcloth/tickets/222 )
* added CSS hook to handle block comments when highlighting code

h3. August 9th, 2014

* updated to use Rails 4.1
* added commenting to articles
* added media galleries
* added attributions to media
* dropped ≤IE8 support (and other browsers of the same vintage)
* rewrote a bunch of front-end CSS
* changed heading fonts
* switched to using optimised FontAwesome on public part of site
* rewrote a bunch of back-end code to be nicer/cleaner
* many, many silly, insignificant and probably unnoticeable tweaks all over the place

h3. August 17th, 2013

_Initial public release to github_

…

Share and enjoy!